I will never marry you
Look at me yesterday
Look what I said
Mr. Qin is calling again
So what does that mean?
That means he wasn't satisfied yesterday.
Ha ha.
Zhou Jingyan
Your bitch called me to offend Jinshi
I'm looking for someone to kill you
Xiao Zhou
Your marriage aunt has approved this matter.
Hey
Sister, I won't propose marriage
Hey sister hey sister
Don't beat my sister, don't go
Why go
little
Don't call me mom
I want a daughter like you
If you hadn't agreed
We will withdraw the money 200,000
You lose money
Wife
200,000 gone
Where does a good dowry come from?
Why don't you sell the water battle to Haohao for marriage?
No water battle is left to me by my father
He's not Dad's child
Why give it to him?
Tell you to deceive people and bite the back of your tongue
Listen to me listen to me
It's okay not to sell water.
The water will be delivered by you from now on
What do you mean pregnant?
uncle
But is uncle also here to help me?
Can't blame him.